Create ui-c8y-1023-14-66-cant-save-nor-cancel-cockpit-home-dashboard-details-once-its-removed.md (#4205)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-14-66-cant-save-nor-cancel-cockpit-home-dashboard-details-once-its-removed.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed inability to save or cancel new Cockpit home dashboard settings after removal```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed inability to save or cancel new Cockpit home dashboard settings after removal
```

> title: Cant save nor cancel Cockpit home dashboard details once its removed [GRAFT][release/y2026] (#11096)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed inability to save or cancel new Cockpit home dashboard settings after removal```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65914
version: 1023.14.66
---

> There was an issue that once Cockpit home dashboard was removed and user entered home page, it was not possible to close dashboard settings, both with save and cancel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Cockpit home dashboard was removed and a user navigated to the home page, the default dashboard settings dialog could not be closed using either the save or cancel button, leaving users unable to proceed. This issue has been resolved, and users can now successfully save or cancel dashboard settings regardless of the dashboard's state. The dashboard settings dialog will now respond correctly to user interactions and allow proper navigation away from the settings view.
```
